Update docs for Leader Leases GA in v25.2 (#19587)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/_includes/v25.2/misc/basic-terms.md

For most types of tables and queries, the leaseholder is the only replica that can serve consistent reads (reads that return "the latest" data).

> {% include_cached new-in.html version="v25.2" %} The leaseholder is always the same replica as the [Raft leader](#architecture-raft-leader). For more information, see [Leader leases]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/replication-layer.md %}#leader-leases).

Reviewer: While this is generally true, there are technically cases, like lease transfers, where there is a small lag between the leader and leaseholder converging to the same replica. Probably not worth complicating things here? Or we can mention it in a lease transfer section.

We also continue to have expiration leases. @arulajmani and @iskettaneh is the leader-leaseholder split possible with expiration leases?

Author: i have updated it to add the clause "leaseholder is always the same replica as the Raft leader, except briefly during [lease transfers]()". (with a link to the more detailed lease transfer section in the replication layer docs)

i've also gone through this PR and updated the places that say "always" to add this clause so folks are not surprised /being misled 

i haven't gotten to your comments on the 'Replication Layer' page yet, but now i'm wondering if i should update the PR to keep the epoch-based and expiration-based leases sections but just revise them (as of now i've deleted them)

Reviewer: Expiration leases should definitely stay, as we are not removing them, and we're still using them. Epoch leases will not be used anymore but they will still be in the system, and can be enabled. We should probably keep them around in the docs too, until we delete the code associated with them.

Author: i've updated the epoch lease docs to say they're no longer the default in v25.2+ in favor of leader leases

I've updated the expiration leases doc to remove some words contrasting them with epoch leases and to say more about how they are still used for system ranges and during lease transfers before fortification occurs

> {% include_cached new-in.html version="v25.2" %} The leaseholder is always the same replica as the [Raft leader](#architecture-raft-leader), except briefly during [lease transfers]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/replication-layer.md %}#how-leases-are-transferred-from-a-dead-node). For more information, see [Leader leases]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/replication-layer.md %}#leader-leases).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{% include_cached new-in.html version="v25.2" %} The leaseholder is always the same replica as the [Raft leader](#architecture-raft-leader), except briefly during [lease transfers]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/replication-layer.md %}#how-leases-are-transferred-from-a-dead-node). For more information, refer to [Leader leases]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/replication-layer.md %}#leader-leases).
```

Author: ✅

### Raft protocol
<a name="architecture-raft"></a>
The [consensus protocol]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/replication-layer.md %}#raft) employed in CockroachDB that ensures that your data is safely stored on multiple nodes and that those nodes agree on the current state even if some of them are temporarily disconnected.

### Raft leader
<a name="architecture-raft-leader"></a>

> For each range, the replica that is the "leader" for write requests. The leader uses the Raft protocol to ensure that a majority of replicas (the leader and enough followers) agree, based on their Raft logs, before committing the write. {% include_cached new-in.html version="v25.2" %} The Raft leader is always the same replica as the [leaseholder](#architecture-raft-leader). For more information, see [Leader leases]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/replication-layer.md %}#leader-leases).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For each range, the replica that is the "leader" for write requests. The leader uses the Raft protocol to ensure that a majority of replicas (the leader and enough followers) agree, based on their Raft logs, before committing the write. {% include_cached new-in.html version="v25.2" %} The Raft leader is always the same replica as the [leaseholder](#architecture-raft-leader). For more information, refer to [Leader leases]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/replication-layer.md %}#leader-leases).
```

Author: ✅
